Fixes #4415 - Updated general contributing guide (#4568)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/Contributing.md

# I want to contribute!

If you wish to contribute to the UK Sector File project, there are many ways in which you can help out.

## Contributing to the data

If you're just getting started with GitHub (and project contributions) then we suggest you take a look at issues marked with both the "up-for-grabs" and/or "good-first-issue" labels.  These issues will be of reasonable size and challenge while not being as overly complex as others and a good introduction for anyone who wants to start contributing to the project.  [This was inspired by an article by Ken C. Dodds](https://medium.com/@kentcdodds/first-timers-only-78281ea47455#.wior7p101).

If you're comfortable with contributing to Open Source projects on GitHub please ensure you read our expectations for issue tracking, feature proposals and merge requests.

**Please avoid** adding AIRAC related commits until you've seen an issue created for them - anything else is fair game.

Please have a thorough read of the 1st-time Contributor's Guide: https://github.com/VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File/wiki/First-Time-Contributor's-Guide.

## Testing the sector file

> For each PR opened within the repository, the Sector File Compiler will generate a 'dev' version of the .sct, .ese and .rwy file for you to test out your changes. The compiler will also tell you if there are any errors. Click 'Details' in the **Checks** section of the Pull Request to check the errors.

Reviewer: What about also linking to the compiler guide so people can use it as a development tool rather than just waiting until they send a PR to see it's broken? Also it's much easier once it's set up to use the compiler locally vs. manually editting the massive .sct file to get an SMR screenshot or whatever.

> For each PR opened within the repository, the Sector File Compiler will generate a 'dev' version of the .sct, .ese and .rwy file for you to test out your changes. The compiler will also tell you if there are any errors. Click 'Details' in the **Checks** section of the Pull Request to check the errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you compile the sector file locally prior to creating a pull request to test functionality, check for errors and see that it all looks correct. There is a guide on how to use the compiler [here](https://github.com/VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File/blob/main/.github/Compiler%20Guide.md).
Once a PR has been opened within the repository, the Sector File Compiler will automatically generate a 'dev' version of the .sct, .ese and .rwy file as well as tell you if there are any errors. Click 'Details' in the **Checks** section of the Pull Request to check the errors.
```

## Issue Tracking

If you require **support** with the Sector File or EuroScope, please use our Discord channels or the [VATSIM UK Helpdesk](https://helpdesk.vatsim.uk).  Issues regarding the features and functions of EuroScope or how to load the Sector File will not be handled.  The issue tracker is for feature requests and bugs concerning the UK Sector File itself.

When submitting an issue, there's a few guidelines we'd ask you to respect to make it easier to manage (and for others to understand):
* **Search the issue tracker** before you submit your issue - it may already be present.
* When opening an issue, a template is provided for you.  Please provide as much information as requested to ensure others are able to act upon the requests or bug report.
* Please ensure you add screenshots or documentation references for bugs/changes so we can quickly ascertain if the request is suitable.

> **If you can't assign yourself to an issue** please comment on the issue or reach out to us in Discord and we will add you to the repository contributors list so you can assign yourself in future.

Reviewer: I think we usually only do this after one or more successful PRs? This to me reads as it could/would be done before any PRs, which I find a bit dodgy?
